[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law
and targeted the Don Quixote
Family in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives,
until at last,
only their leader remained.
As the struggle continues,
the razer-sharp threads
of Doflamingo's "Birdcage"
tear across Dressrosa.
Now, the final
countdown begins,
and Luffy must finish Doflamingo
before the kingdom and everyone
in it is torn to shreds.
That mysterious warrior
named Lucy. It was you!
[LUFFY]
Uh, yeah.
Doflamingo's about to strike!
Quick, what's your next move?
Is there anything
I can do to help you out?
Buy me ten minutes.
Huh? What for?
[LUFFY]
Once my Haki comes back,
I'll give him one good punch,
and that'll be the end of him.
I promise.
Tell me! Do you really think,
in ten minutes,
you can beat Doflamingo
and get rid of the Birdcage?
Hey! Answer me!
I know I can!
[COMPETITOR P screams]
Now, come and face me,
Straw Hat.
I'll make you regret this.
[LUFFY] "Tears of Miracles!
Mansherry's Fight!"
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
Doflamingo really wants us dead!
I can't believe we
used to like that maniac!
The Birdcage wasn't enough--
Now he's gotta turn the whole
town into killer strings?
Even if we live,
Dressrosa is done for!
Forget about the
buildings and run!
If we don't get
clear of downtown,
we're all gonna die!
The kingdom is like
a battlefield everywhere!
We're running
out of places to go!
I ain't dying cause of a bunch
of stupid strings, damn it!
It's gotta be safe
downtown, right?
[TOWNSMAN G]
Hey, stop shoving!
[TOWNSMAN H]
Back off! You're gonna crush me!
I have children, watch out!
Everyone, stop right there!
[TOWNSMAN J]
Where are you trying to go?
[TOWNSMAN K] Hey! Why are you
running this way?
Downtown is the only safe place!
[TOWNSMAN L] No!
Downtown is a battlefield, man!
[TOWNSMAN K]
What?
It's not safe?
Doflamingo is running wild,
looking for Straw Hat!
If you go anywhere near him,
then you'll get cut up
by giant strings!
Then we're stuck.
Where the hell are
we supposed to go?
Please, King Riku.
Your kingdom is dying.
Can't you help us somehow?
[SAI]
How are the fighters holding up?
[BARTOLOMEO]
Not good! I mean, look at 'em!
They're flat on their backs
and staying that way!
Even the proud warrior
of Elbaf can't fight?
This does not bode well
for our chances at all.
[ROBIN]
What's that?
[gasps]
Hajrudin!
Here goes. Armament.
[grunts]
Do you really think
your swords can
stop the cage's
movement, Sir Zoro?
It isn't something that can
simply be pushed back!
How do you know?
[KIN'EMON, KANJURO gasp]
Rather than telling me it can't
be done, how 'bout you try?
You wanna die whining?
At the end of the day,
this is just one man's power.
So there's no reason to
believe that I can't stop it!
Your friend speaks the truth.
Yes! Let's go.
[grunts]
You guys ready to go?
[DWARVES]
We're ready!
[FRANKY]
The factory is Sea Prism Stone.
It won't get shredded.
So I want you bros to push it
with everything you've got it!
[DWARVES cheer]
Line up!
[FRANKY]
Now. It's go time, baby!
Whatcha gonna do?
[DWARVES]
Push!
I said whatcha gonna do?
[DWARVES]
Keep pushing!
Zoro is pushing the Birdcage?
[VIOLET]
Yes.
[ROBIN]
You think it can be stopped?
It's hard to say.
I never even really
considered it, quite honestly.
[ROBIN chuckles] In that case,
let's wish him luck!
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
I'm just doing what
the Young Master would want!
[TOWNSMAN P]
Screw you! Get outta the way!
Huh?
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
Cocky punk.
You stay down there!
This is the new King's Plateau.
If you're not in
the Don Quixote Family,
then you aren't
allowed to be here!
The Executives all
got their asses kicked!
There is no Family!
You can't keep the
safest place in the kingdom
all to yourself!
Huh? Don't you get it?
All of you are
condemned criminals.
The Young Master has decided
that the kingdom will be
rebuilt from the ground up.
Without you.
Barrier-Barrier Pistol!
And suck it!
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
You're old news!
This ain't your turf no more!
[ALL yell]
The coliseum fighters are here!
Bartolomeo!
[HAJRUDIN yells]
[TOWNSMAN T]
Hajrudin!
[CHIN JAO grunts]
[TOWNSMAN T]
Don Chin Jao!
Commander Kyros is here, too!
[HAJRUDIN panting]
Why am I able to move again?
It's strange.
I was injured quite badly,
but I feel fine now.
You should make the most
of it while you can!
[DAGAMA]
Huh?
This is a life support procedure
that Princess Mansherry
has used on all of Dressrosa.
I'm lost.
What do you mean by
"life support"?
Details can wait.
Let's make out way
to the plateau!
The center of the Birdcage
is moving this way!
Let's go!
Thanks for saving us!
You're the best!
Hey! Don't be lazy--
We still need help!
If any of you've got muscle,
we'll accept you with open arms!
Oh gosh!
With open arms, you say?
[COMPETITORS scream]
Hey! Where are you going?
We're not done yet!
If you don't want to
come and play,
I'll just have to drag you out.
I have my means.
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
Shoving isn't gonna help you!
What's that noise?
[hissing]
The Birdcage.
Aw man. No way.
Wait a second--
Is it speeding up?
[TOWNSMAN F] It's gotta be!
We've got it bad enough already!
How are we supposed to
outrun it now?
We're done for!
It's hopeless!
This is too cruel!
Please, King Riku!
We're counting on you!
I can't keep this up!
[TOWNSBOY A cries]
Please, spare them! Doflamingo!
[BURGESS cackles]
[BURGESS]
Armament!
Ha!
Eat this!
Heh.
[BURGESS groans]
[grunts]
You're a sneaky little rat.
You're the rat.
A big, ugly one, too.
[SABO]
It's speeding up!
Hope you've got this
under control, Luffy.
The strings are moving
different now.
Faster, it seems.
No fair! That's like cheating!
It was bad enough already!
I'm done for!
It's pushing back
harder, isn't it?
So it seems!
I fear the pressure
may be too much to stand!
[ZORO] Don't give up!
Put your backs into it!
[yells]
[KANJURO yells]
I won't relent!
One, two!
[DWARVES]
Push through!
[ALL gasp]
What's up?
We're losing ground!
Even if it's speeding up,
you guys got this!
Keep pushin' and
make those strings cry!
[INHEL]
Okay! Push!
[DWARVES]
Push!
All right! This is
our chance to show off!
[ALL]
Yeah!
[DOFLAMINGO]
I'll find you, Straw Hat!
[TOWNSWOMAN E]
Can't anybody help us?!
We're on our own! We just gotta
keep running for it!
[NARRATOR]
Only three minutes remain
until the Birdcage
reaches downtown.
At which point,
the citizens of Dressrosa
will be wiped out completely.
[GYATS]
You gotta be kidding!
We're never gonna
make it at this rate!
[NARRATOR]
Four minutes remain
until Luffy can
use his Haki again.
Therefore, the other
fighters in Dressrosa
must find a way to make up
the one minute difference
before the Birdcage
finishes contracting.
[LOGAN]
What a low-down rotten trick!
[MEADOWS]
Cheating bastard!
Is he so scared of Lucy that
he had to change the rules?
[DAMASK] We gotta do
something in the meantime!
We'll take down Doflamingo
and kiss that Birdcage goodbye!
[COMPETITORS yelling]
[DOFLAMINGO] I made my
message perfectly clear.
Either you bring me Straw Hat,
or I kill you on the spot.
[COMPETITORS gasp]
[COMPETITORS scream]
Barrier!
[CHIN JAO]
It's holding out!
Nice work! Thanks, Rooster.
I'm unworthy of your
words of praise, Miss Robin!
But I swear I
won't let you down!
All right, guys,
don't make me look bad!
Keep pushing and
my barrier's got ya! Go!
[ALL yelling]
[BARTOLOMEO] We'll do it
just like Mister Zoro!
Everybody together now!
And push!
[ALL grunting]
This is odd.
They were all terribly injured,
but now they're exerting
so much strength.
[ROBIN] A few moments ago, some
of them couldn't even stand,
let alone fight back
against something like this.
[ROBIN]
What were those fluffy things?
They're called Dandelixirs.
What are they?
An ability.
Princess Mansherry creates them.
They're healing flowers that
sprout up from her tears.
[TOWNSMAN Z]
Wait! I can't run any faster!
You're gonna have to
or you'll die!
Come on, we don't
want to leave you!
It's no use!
I twisted my ankle.
This is the best I can do!
[MANSHERRY]
Don't give up!
[TOWNSMAN Z]
Okay, let's go!
[TOWNSMAN AA] Hey! I thought
you twisted your ankle!
The Dandelixir puffs can
heal people over a wide area.
Anywhere that they fall, they
bring miraculous recoveries.
[LEO] Seeing the sad state
that her home is in,
Princess Mansherry is
overwhelmed with grief
and overflowing with tears.
But her sorrow can save
a countless number of lives.
I see. That's why the
injured fighters rose up again.
[LEO] Unfortunately,
the ability has a drawback.
Although everyone is strong
and healthy right now,
the effect is temporary.
After three minutes have passed,
everyone'll revert
to their former state.
So it's a "life support
procedure" designed
to see us through
this final battle.
All of a sudden
the pain just went away!
I can run again! That means
I don't have to die!
This is a miracle--it must be!
Someone up there in heaven is
looking out for our kingdom!
[MANSHERRY]
You can do it, Dressrosa!
Don't give up!
It's not over.
The light of hope
still shines bright.
Our kingdom shall never perish!
Hey, Cub?
[CUB]
Yes, Princess Mansherry?
This is the only way
that I can fight.
I don't know how to
use any weapons.
And I can't stop the bad guys,
even though I want to.
All I have are these tears
that never stop.
Y'know,
I actually think that's a kind
and honorable way to fight!
[ATTENDANT B] Gyats. Can we
afford to wait on Lucy?
People are going to die
if we hold out much longer!
I'm aware of that,
but I can't send a fighter
in his condition
back into the ring!
Until he gets his Haki back,
he's under my protection!
Huh?
[COMPETITOR A gasps]
Who is that?
Whoa! It can't be!
Trafalgar Law! The Warlord?
Wait a sec.
I think you're
running too far away.
Well, that's, uh, because...
Is Straw Hat gonna
get his Haki back or not?
Yeah. It's just...
He said he needed ten minutes
and now we've got about
three and a half to go.
I'll take him under
my care from here.
Let's go. Every second counts.
[GYATS]
Yessir!
[NARRATOR]
Less than three minutes to go
until the walls of the Birdcage
close completely.
[NARRATOR] In the final moments
before Luffy's recovery,
the Navy, the coliseum fighters,
the Tontattas,
and the Straw Hats
all combine their strength
in a desperate struggle.
But Doflamingo is
still on the prowl,
and it falls on
Viola and Rebecca
to buy more time for Luffy.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"As Long as We Breathe!
Stop the Deadly Birdcage!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!